Added Documents for cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/enable-ds-eviction annotation. (#35897)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This annotation is used to set [Pod Deletion Cost](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/#pod-deletion-cost)
which allows users to influence ReplicaSet downscaling order. The annotation parses into an `int32` type.

### cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/enable-ds-eviction

Example: `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/enable-ds-eviction: "true"`

Used on: Pod

> This annotation is controlling whether a DaemonSet pod should be evicted or not by  ClusterAutoscaler. This annotation needs to be specified on DaemonSet pods, not the DaemonSet object itself. In order to do that for all DaemonSet pods, it is sufficient to modify the pod spec in the DaemonSet object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is controlling whether a DaemonSet pod should be evicted or not by ClusterAutoscaler.
This annotation needs to be specified on DaemonSet pods, not the DaemonSet object itself.
In order to do that for all DaemonSet pods, it is sufficient to modify the pod spec in the DaemonSet object.
```

> This annotation is controlling whether a DaemonSet pod should be evicted or not by  ClusterAutoscaler. This annotation needs to be specified on DaemonSet pods, not the DaemonSet object itself. In order to do that for all DaemonSet pods, it is sufficient to modify the pod spec in the DaemonSet object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation controls whether a DaemonSet pod should be evicted by a ClusterAutoscaler.
This annotation needs to be specified on the Pod spec in a DaemonSet manifest.
```

> When this annotation is set to `true`, the Cluster Autoscaler is allowed to evict a DaemonSet Pod even if other rules would normally prevent that. To disable the DaemonSet pods eviction so that the Cluster Autoscaler never evicts DaemonSet pods, Explicitly set this annotation to `false`; you could set that on an important pod that you want to keep running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this annotation is set to `true`, the Cluster Autoscaler is allowed to evict a DaemonSet Pod even if other
rules would normally prevent that. To disable the DaemonSet pod eviction so that the Cluster Autoscaler never
evicts DaemonSet pods, explicitly set this annotation to `false`; you could set that on an important pod that you want to keep running.
```

> When this annotation is set to `true`, the Cluster Autoscaler is allowed to evict a DaemonSet Pod even if other rules would normally prevent that. To disable the DaemonSet pods eviction so that the Cluster Autoscaler never evicts DaemonSet pods, Explicitly set this annotation to `false`; you could set that on an important pod that you want to keep running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When this annotation is set to `"true"`, the ClusterAutoscaler is allowed to evict a DaemonSet Pod
even if other rules would normally prevent that. To disallow the ClusterAutoscaler from evicting DaemonSet pods,
you can set this annotation to `"false"` for important DaemonSet pods.
```

> If this annotation is not set then the Cluster Autoscaler follows its overall behaviour.

Reviewer 2: What is the "overall behavior"? evict or not?

Author: > What is the "overall behavior"? evict or not?

Cluster Autoscaler would evict DaemonSets based on its configuration.

{{< note >}}

> This annotation has no effect on pods that are not a part of any DaemonSet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation only impacts DaemonSet pods.
```

This annotation is used to set [Pod Deletion Cost](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/#pod-deletion-cost)
which allows users to influence ReplicaSet downscaling order. The annotation parses into an `int32` type.

### cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/enable-ds-eviction

Example: `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/enable-ds-eviction: "true"`

Used on: Pod

This annotation controls whether a DaemonSet pod should be evicted by a ClusterAutoscaler.
This annotation needs to be specified on DaemonSet pods in a DaemonSet manifest.

> When this annotation is set to `"true"`, the ClusterAutoscaler is allowed to evict a DaemonSet Pod

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When this annotation is set to `"true"`, the ClusterAutoscaler is allowed to evict a DaemonSet Pod,
```

even if other rules would normally prevent that. To disallow the ClusterAutoscaler from evicting DaemonSet pods,
you can set this annotation to `"false"` for important DaemonSet pods.

> If this annotation is not set then the Cluster Autoscaler follows its overall behaviour i.e evict the DaemonSets based on its configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this annotation is not set, then the Cluster Autoscaler follows its overall behaviour (i.e evict the DaemonSets based on its configuration).
```

Author: Thanks! @chrisnegus for taking a look into it.
I will do that.

Author: Addressed it, PTAL!
